[Battery Manager] - New Module (#4221)
aces/Loris: modules/battery_manager/test/TestPlan.md

# Battery Manager Module Test Plan

##  Overview

Battery Manager module allows users to search for, add, edit, activate, and deactivate entries in the
Test Battery.

> ##  Permissions 

Author: okay i'll remove them from here

> In order to use the Battery Manager module the user might need one or both of the following permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use the Battery Manager module the user needs one of the following permissions:
```

  4. The **Edit Metadata** column should be in the data table.
  5. Clicking on Add tab should hide the data table and display a form with the following fields:
     `Instrument`, `Minimum age (days)`, `Maximum age(days)`, `Stage`, `Subproject`, `Visit Label`, `Site`, `First Visit`,
     and `Instrument Order`.
  6. Clicking on Edit in **Edit Metadata** takes you to a new page with a form with the following fields:
     `Instrument`, `Minimum age (days)`, `Maximum age(days)`, `Stage`, `Subproject`, `Visit Label`, `Site`, `First Visit`,
     and `Instrument Order`.

### Add tab

**Testing add functionality**
  1. Check that you cannot add an entry without filling out the required fields: Instrument, Minimum age (days), Maximum age (days), Stage.
  2. Check that you can only enter a site that exists.
  3. Check that you can only enter numbers between 0 and 99999 in Minumum age (days) and Maximum age (days).
  4. Check that you can only enter numbers between 0 and 127 in Instrument order.
  5. Check that when you try to add an entry that has an active duplicate in the table (Active = 'Y'), you receive an error message.
  6. Try to add an entry that does not have a duplicate.

>      - Make sure that a success message appears and the page goes back to the Browse tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - Ensure that a success message appears and the page goes back to the Browse tab.
```
globally in this files

     - Ensure the entry you just added is shown in data table.

**Testing activate functionality**
  1. Try to add an entry that has an inactive duplicate in the table (Active = 'N').
     - Ensure that you receive a warning message that allows you to activate the duplicate.
     - Ensure that when you press "Yes", a success message appears and the page goes back to the Browse tab.
     - Ensure the entry you just activated is activated in the data table.

### Browse tab

**Testing data table**

>   1. After a couple of entries are added, make sure they are properly displayed in the data table.

Reviewer 2: another one
```suggestion
  1. After a couple of entries are added, ensure they are properly displayed in the data table.
```

  2. Ensure that information in the data table corresponds to the information in the `test_battery` table.

>   3. Click on **column headers** to make sure sorting functionality is working as expected (Ascending/Descending).

Reviewer 2: and one more
```suggestion
  3. Click on **column headers** to ensure sorting functionality is working as expected (Ascending/Descending).
```
